Chart: Update Pareto Chart demo description (#30665)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/ParetoChart/description.md

> You can utilize the DevExtreme Chart component to display data in a [Pareto chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_chart). A Pareto chart displays individual values along with their cumulative totals. In this demo, individual values are numbers of complaints and cumulative totals are represented as percentages.

Reviewer: Getting rid of "red flags:

You can use the DevExtreme Chart component to visualize data as a [Pareto chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_chart). Such charts display individual values along with their cumulative totals. In this demo, individual values are numbers of complaints and cumulative totals are given in percentages.

<!--split-->

> To create a Pareto chart, configure two [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) objects. Assign the [Bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/BarSeries/) and [Line](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/LineSeries/)/[Spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/SplineSeries/) series types to **series**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#type). To represent the numbers of the [Pareto principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) (80/20), you can specify constant lines. This demo configures a **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) object to display a constant line at 80% of the cumulative total axis.

Reviewer: Could you please rewrite this paragraph as suggested in the following example? http://tw.devexpress.devx/documentation/guidelines/technical-writing-guidelines/demo-and-example-descriptions/#example-demo-description_1
Also try not to use "represent" - this is considered a "red flag".

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to create a Pareto chart:

1. Configure a [Bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/BarSeries/) series object and assign your primary data to this series (specify **series**.[valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField)).
2. Add a [Line](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/LineSeries/) or [Spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/SplineSeries/) series object and assign your cumulative total values to this series.
3. To display the numbers of the [Pareto principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) (80/20) specify **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/).
```

Reviewer: A few minor corrections:

```suggestion
Follow the steps below to create a Pareto chart:
1. Configure a [Bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/BarSeries/) series and assign your primary data to this series (specify **series**.[valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField) property).
2. Add a [Line](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/LineSeries/) or [Spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/SplineSeries/) series and assign your cumulative total values to this series.
3. Specify **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) to illustrate [Pareto principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) correlation (80/20).
```

> To create a Pareto chart, configure two [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) objects. Assign the [Bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/BarSeries/) and [Line](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/LineSeries/)/[Spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/SplineSeries/) series types to **series**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#type). To represent the numbers of the [Pareto principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) (80/20), you can specify constant lines. This demo configures a **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) object to display a constant line at the 80% value of the cumulative total axis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a Pareto chart, configure two [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) objects. Assign the [Bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/BarSeries/) and [Line](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/LineSeries/)/[Spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/SplineSeries/) series types to **series**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#type). To represent the numbers of the [Pareto principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) (80/20), you can specify constant lines. This demo configures a **valueAxis**.[constantLines](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/constantLines/) object to display a constant line at 80% of the cumulative total axis.
```
